There's a warrior coming
I'm coming!
Right check your weapons
It's time to prove yourselves, gentlemen
See you all on the other side
Good luck
Ready
Advance
I can't. I can't go
Advance. Move.
You bloody little coward Shakespeare
You're not fit to wear the King's uniform
Do your duty!
I can't go
Move!
I said move!
This is not the way
Get your men over the top Jennings!
Come on son. Come with me.
You've got to go over
I can't go
Can you just not stay with me?
Come on let's go nail
some Hun together. Yeah?
Gotta go. Gotta go
Right gentlemen good luck!
Good lad. Good lad
Welcome to hell Private Shakespeare
Oh my God
You're going to have to do this.
Now come on
Come on
Come on Shakespeare.
Keep your head down, good lad. Come on
Shakespeare
Help me!
Oh my God!
Jesus!
Christ!
Gas! Gas!
Where's your mask private?
Help me
Alright Hawkstone.
Calm down, calm down
Don't breathe
It's bloody fog
It's just fog.
It's not the gas
Doc, masks off. It's not gas
Boys, take your masks off
It's just fog
What happened to the gas?
Fuck the gas. What happened to the night?
Come on Y company it's not a holiday camp
Let's get moving
Mcness
Sarge
Guess what?
You're on point
Oh, fuckin' 'ell, Sarge!
How comes it's always me first out?
Is it a Scottish thing?
No, it's not a Scottish thing
Aye it is. I know it is.
It's a Scottish thing, isn't it?
It's not, it's because you're a...
because you're a...
...fucking plank!
Aye, well knew it was something
Aaah. Lovely!
That's better
Halten! Halt!
Sergeant, quickly!
You're looking the wrong way. Up here!
Get your filthy hands up!
Verschwindet!
What the fuck!
Get your hands up!
Turn around! Up here!
What's the matter with ya?
On me. That's it
Alright, Mcness?
Quinn
Oh, Christ!
Halt!
Fuckin' don't Quinn
Fuck! Shoot him!
Aaagh, he'll disappear!
You, get down
Get down
Come back here!
Get down, you bastard!
Quinn!
Just doin' me job!
Okay, now just calm down, son...
Calm down
Hor zu
Get off me
I don't understand
Do you understand this?
Nimm mich mit! Nimm mich mit!
Nimm mich...
What?
Starinski, deal with him
Sarge!
Look lively lads. We don't know
how many others are still in here
Okay, on your feet.
Come on, on your feet
Alright, nice and gently, hip and
shoulders, just roll him over gently
Come on, come on, come on. Good man,
good man Chevasse. Now I have to look
I have to look.
Good man, good man, sssh
Come on, come on Chevasse
Corporal
Oh, God. It hurts
Put your hand here
Yes, sir
How is he?
I think he's cut his spine
The chances are that it'll turn gangrenous
and er, I'm almost out of morphine
I could read to him
Yes, why don't you because that'll help
What'll we do, sir?
Stay here. Hold the trench
Sir, if I don't get him back
to our support trench, he will die
I know
Thank you, Corporal
Yes, sir
Okay, listen
We've captured a forward, German trench
It's a rare achievement, gentlemen
It may be vital to the war effort
We will hold this trench until
we are reinforced. We must...
...that is our duty
Get some scoff on, get a brew going...
See if we can't make
the best of it, eh?
Make the best of it?
He makes it sound like a bloody holiday
I went to Blackpool once
Yeah?
Nice?
I killed a man there.
Yeah, it was nice
How old are you, son?
Nineteen Sarge
Don't fuck me about.
How old are you?
Sixteen
And a half
Bloody hell. So you lied
about your age and signed up?
Yeah?
Is this what you wanted? Eh?
Go and sit over there
Come and sit down here
Och, don't worry about it.
He didn't believe I was nineteen either
We're not secure, sir
Well the men are exhausted,
they need a rest
This is a German dug out
It'll be dark soon.
We're not secure, sir
Yes, of course, you're right, sergeant
Right, let's secure the trench
Sergeant, if you would
Yeah
Right Quinn, Starinski, Hawkestone,
McNess, Shakespeare -
we're gonna secure this trench
Oh bloody hell, Sarge
Doc, if you can take Chevasse up there,
under that cover
Make him as comfortable as possible
Sarge
What about him?
I don't want him watching my back
Shakespeare's coming
Right, ladies. Move out!
Y Company on me, anything to report?
It's like a maze, Sarge
There's no front line or nothing
What's the fuckin' point of that?
Maybe they forgot where the war was
Feels like the war was in here
Right lads, listen up.
If we're going to hold this trench
we need to make it
a smaller area to defend
We'll set charges here,
here and twenty yards down there,
on the right
That'll bring down
this section of the dugout
After that, we rest
Come on, move it!
Who's going to be hiding here?
Well, that German and his pals for one
Help me
It's just pure luck you made it this far,
isn't it, Shakespeare?
We've wired up the detonator right,
haven't we?
If you've got it wrong
you'll blow us all to hell
Don't you trust me, huh?
Well, that's a good sign
Alright, heads down
Why isn't...
Jesus Christ, did you hear that?
Aye
Good work lads
What bloody good is that?
Only half as much to defend now,
isn't there?
Corporal!
Sir!
How long would you say
we were walking back there in the fog?
Couple of hours, maybe?
Really?
Why?
Well I...
Sir
Bradford,
It's one of these new crystal radio units,
sir. We've got then in command
But can we raise HQ with it?
I don't know, I can try
There's so many dead
That German's gonna be
a million miles from here
There's plenty of rats, though
That's a German bayonet
Were they fighting each other?
Hun sticking Hun
Jesus, what happened here? Look at this
But why?
Maybe gas
Gas can make you do funny things
What do you think McNess?
I think, if they keep this up,
we won't have to do any fighting ourselves
Oi!
Woah, close one!
What is it?
It's a bullet
I'd hang on to that.
Might be lucky
Lucky it didn't blow his balls off!
Right!
Nobody rests until we secure every inch
of this trench. Alright?!
Sarge
Now, on me
Shakespeare. Take this morphine.
Make sure Doc gets it for Chevasse
Yes sir
Don't call me sir, lad. I'm a sergeant.
I work for a living
Take it down
Take it down. Good boy, good boy
That's it
I think
I think I can
move my hands a little
Well that's good
Look
See my fingers?
See them moving?
I do yeah
We'll have you doing
the Lambeth Walk in no time
And this'll help
Right get some rest
You're not going
I have to go mate there's
a lot of work to be done,
but Bradford's here though, okay?
Now get some sleep
Keep an eye on him
No tits on her
Wouldn't mind that
Keep that one
That one will do
What?
Any British command
receiving this please respond
Any Allied listening post
This is a British unit lost in enemy
territory. Urgently need assistance over
Anyone. Anyone, fucking anyone. Shit
Y company. Y company. We've lost...
Captain Jennings. Captain!
We've lost Y company
Bradford
No, no this is Y company.
There are survivors
We've lost Y company
What is it?
Have you made contact?
Yes, sir
Well done
Y Company. There are no survivors
Repeat. There are no survivors
This is Captain Bramwell Jennings,
Y Company, 5th Battalion
We have captured a forward German trench
Location unknown.
We need urgent support, over
Y Company
Yes, Y Company
There are no survivors.
There are no survivors
What's that mean?
Why are they saying that?
It's a mistake, it's a mistake.
They'll send support
But if they think we're dead
they won't try to find us...
It's a mistake.
It's a mistake
Y Company?
The survivors of Y Company
have regrouped. We are...
Don't tell the men
But sir...
Do you understand me, don't tell the men
It's a mistake.
They will find us
GEFANGENENGMBEN
Hawkestone!
Sergeant!
Get down!
Get down, you fuckin' Hun bastard
Fuck you!
Sergeant!
Halt! Halt you fucking Hun bastard
Starinski!
Hello mate. Hello Fritzen.
You are gonna die!
What do you want? What do you want?
This one, or this one, eh?
This one, or this one?
Oi, Quinn
Not, while I'm around
Yeah, how long's that gonna be then?
Long enough
Thank fuck he's on our side, huh?
I really thought my time was up
Got a girl at home
Yeah
What's she like?
She blonde?
Brunette?
I'd love a piece of cheese
I know you would
Wensleydale
Lancashire crumbly
Cheddar
I'd better take watch
Good luck, yeah
Well Shakespeare, that were a
gastronomic delight. Well done, son
Glad you liked it Sarge
That was so good,
you can have me blanket
Thank you, Sarge
A few seconds,
and you'll be out like a light
So get some sleep
Thanks, Doc
Bradford?
Come and have a pew by the fire.
Let me have a look at that leg
Any luck with the radio?
Er, not yet
The chances of getting a
signal are pretty slim
More likely to end
up talking to the Hun
Well, that's not a bad thing
At least they might be
able to tell us where we a
Doesn't the Captain know?
Doubt it
I think he'd rather be tucked up
in Sandhurst, polishing his boots
You served with him before?
No, no. He was posted to us
when our last CO was hit
He seems decent enough
He seems like a man out of his depth,
if you ask me
At least we've still got Tate
Chevasse is gonna die, isn't he?
Yeah
I shipped over with him
He said he had a fiance in Norwich
What?
Well you heard the joke?
What joke?
Girl in Norwich
I don't get it
Knickers. Off. Ready
When. I. Come. Home.
Norwich, you see. It's a joke
Oh
You haven't heard it?
No
Right. You've dressed this well
Yeah, practice makes perfect
I'm only twenty,
I've already been shot four times
Your friend up there must like you
Not exactly spreading it
around much though is he?
God has love for us all
You just have to open your heart
I don't think God is anywhere
near this place
He brought us here, didn't he?
Out of the battle, out of the gas.
We were blessed
Blessed? Really.
What about Chevasse, is he blessed?
God works in mysterious ways
And there are better places than here
Fuckin' Sergeant needs anything doing,
it's always McNess
McNess, you killed the president,
McNess on point
What about Starinski?
It's never fuckin' Quinn
What about Hawkestone? No
Fuckin' me
I know what it is
It's a Scottish thing.
He doesn't like Scots, that's what it is
Maybe it's because he trusts you
Aye. Well, there's that as well
Trust me on this, right?
We shouldn't be here
Fuckin' dead bodies everywhere
Why? Why haven't they come back
for the trench?
Why haven't they come back for the men?
Ah? Why haven't they come back for you?
We shouldn't be here
Do you think our men
will come back for us?
Stay alert. Stay awake
Right, that says prison to me
Get in there
In there
Aye, why not?
Get in there
Get in
Or I'll fuckin' shoot ya
Get in!
Shoot him!
Go on, shoot him
Why?
Because he kicked me in the fuckin' balls
Why kill him.
What good's that going to do anyone?
He's scared
Fuckin' should be
Come on, what else you gonna do?
Get in
Come here
McNess. McNess, don't!
What now? Do you wanna
make him a wee cup of cocoa?
Evenin' Fraulein
Oh, yeah
Yeah. Yeah
Oh...this fuckinn' rain!
Come on
Yeah, nearly there
Yeah...
Oi, who's that?
Quinn!
Not fuckin' funny!
Got ya
What the fuck is goin' on here?
Oh my fuckin' God. Sergeant!
Better come and see this
Starinski!
There. Quinn, Hawkestone down there.
Shakespeare with me
Starinski!
You try up there,
I'm going down here
Sergeant
Sergeant...
I've found Starinski
There's more Germans here
We're gonna have to find them
Ich will fort von hier
English!
(DO YOU SPEAK FRENCH)
Speak any French, Captain?
I can
(WHERE IS )
...the other...ou est I'autre?
What's French for German?
(WHERE IS THE OTHER GERMAN? )
Shut up! I'm not askin' you
(I DON'T KNOW)
I was a liaison with the French Command
before coming to the front
I can speak French
Well you'd better do the translating then
Sir
Go on son Sir
(M Y NAME IS...)
(GO AHEAD)
Yeah, you're not proposing fucking
marriage. Just find out where his mate is
(WE HAVE TO GO NOW OR YOU'LL ALL DIE.
BELIEVE ME)
(IF YOU ATTACK US NO ONE WILL SURVIVE)
What's he saying?
He said...well, sir, it's very hard...
He said...look, I,
I think he said we're all going to die
It's his Kraut chum who's gonna die
He said something
about turning on each other
I'm going to wrap barbed wire around him
and squeeze him until he's nothing
but little pieces
He said none of us will survive
(WHERE IS THE OTHER GERMAN? )
( I DON'T KNOW)
Tell him that we know
his friend murdered one of my men
...and when we find him
we're gonna kill him. Tell him that
(M Y CAPTAIN SAYS WE'LL FIND HIM
AND KILL HIM)
(WE AREN'T THE ENEM Y. IT'
S SOMETHING ELSE
(THERE IS SOMETHING BAD HERE)
He said they're not the enemy. He said...
...there's something wrong
with this place, with this trench...
Look he said it's in the earth,
in the ground...
In the ground
They must be using tunnels to get about
(IT WILL KILL US ALL.
IT WILL KILL YOU AS WELL. PLEASE)
(WE MUST GO)
It killed all of them, it's gonna
kill us too. He says we should leave
( SOMETHING EVIL HERE. EVIL. EVIL.)
Mal. What's that, what's that word?
Evil. It means evil
This is Y Company,
and we're still alive...
Is anybody there? Anybody?
This is Y Company, and we're still alive
No. No. No, we are alive!
We are still alive
Bradford
Chevasse
Who's there?
Who are you?
These Bosch are worse dead than alive
So what's the point of this?
It's easy to hide
in the bodies isn't it
Put them all in one place,
and there's one less place to hide
That's the last of them
Those we can move anyway
So much death
Beggars the imagination
Perhaps you'd like to say
a few words, Bradford
The Captain's saying he wants
to hear something from your book
Very well
And the four angels were loosed...
...which were prepared for an hour,
and a day,
and a month, and a year
For they were to slay
the third part of men...
...by the fire, by the smoke
and by the brimstone
...which rained down about their heads
We have all made a covenant with death...
...and with hell we are in agreement
Who do you think you are,
the Archbishop of fuckin' Canterbury?
Ignore him.
You send one up there for me, aye
When the over flown scourge
shall pass through...
...you shall be trodden down by it
Are these better than ours?
Well if you're looking for a nice line
in shrapnel wounds and severed limbs. Yeah
Probably a little better
Mind you I hear our pineapples
make a pretty good fruit salad
Why are we doing this?
Ah, well...sometimes it's just better
to be doing something
We know the enemy's still here
somewhere, so...
Captain tells us we have to stay
and hold the trench, so...
...we stay and hold the trench. That's the
chain of command, we do what we're told
And what then?
All of us at risk to hold this place,
and we, we don't even know where it is
Or what it is
Right, we've got underground saps
all along here, yeah?
Some of them have got tunnels
There, there and down there
So we just chuck grenades in
and collapse the entrances?
Yeah, that's about the sum of it
Do you think it will work, Sarge?
Why not?
Oh, come on.
There's a bad feeling here. This trench
What you talking about?
Sarge, something isn't right...
What?
Nothing
Right, with a bit of luck the whole thing
will cave in and trap him down there
Aye, or drive them out into the open
Yeah, either way we've got a result.
Alright?
Aye
Bradford!
Tell Jennings one minute. Go on. Go!
We're ready, sir
One minute
Very good. Tell him to proceed
Go on!
Come on, on your feet
Patrol coming
Get up!
Tate?
Tate!
Incoming! Artillery!
Hawkestone, go find the Captain. Go, Go!
Sergeant
Move! Move! Get in the bunkers
Take cover lads!
Take cover, boys
Fuck off!
Shakespeare, get back in there!
In with Doc. Go!
Charley, Charley!
Charley, get in here!
Keep down!
Keep the...where's it coming from?
Keep down! Keep down!
Where are they?
They're coming!
Right, here they come
Steady boys. Make every bullet count!
Stay focused
Easy
Any second now
Captain!
Tate!
Tate! Tate!
They're coming!
Tate, where are you?
Goddammit, where are you?
Come on!
Who are you?
What happened?
Huh, put the gun down!
Captain, put the gun down, it's me
Put...put the gun down
Cap...
Oh, Jesus Christ
Captain made his bullet count, Sarge
Oh Jesus...
No, no! No,
what's the matter with this place?
Where's...where's the army?
Got any words for us now, Archbishop?
Sergeant Tate,
are we spending another night here?
Is that a good idea?
It's up to the Captain
But what would you do?
Stay here?
There's something wrong
with this place, isn't there?
Something not right
Look what the Captain did
What happened to Starinski?
I don't know what you're talking about
But the...
You heard it
I heard nothing
Well what about the noise?
What did you hear, eh?
You
But the prisoner. What he said.
He said we'd turn on each other
What are we gonna do.
I mean we can't just...
Shut up!
Just...just shut up with your questions
He's the Captain, not me
Ask him
Shakespeare, Shakespeare
Come here
We should leave right now
Two men dead. Do you want
to add to that, Shakespeare, huh?
Do ya?
The Captain says we hold this trench.
So we're gonna sit tight
You're gonna sit tight
You understand?
Little Hun bastards
What have you been doin' here, eh?
Jesus Christ, Bradford
This place is scary enough
without you jumping out at me
Are you alright?
Good
You take over,
I'm gonna get some kip
(COME HERE PLEASE)
(DON'T LEAVE ME HERE TO DIE)
Right Bradford, I'm here
Bradford?
Well that's just fuckin' great
Have you come for me, have you?
Come on then
Is this my time, huh?
Well bring it at me.
You're gonna fuckin' need it
No!
What the fuck happened to you,
you stupid Scottish bastard?
You alright, McNess?
Come on, let me have a look
Wait!
McNess, what are you doing?
Leaving!
Well that's the best idea
I've heard all day
McNess, you can't leave. You know that
Look we'll dig in.
Build a strong defensive position
Defensive position? What are we
defending against Sergeant, huh? What?
Come on say it. Evil!
Will you listen to yourself. Evil!
It's the gas,
we are hallucinating, that is all
Was Starinski hallucinating, huh?
Is this a fuckin' hallucination?
There must be another sniper
Germans we haven't found yet
I don't know
Aye I know you don't know.
You don't know because you won't admit it
Fucking none of you
I don't...I don't wanna die
I'm not waiting to die
Mcness, please don't go out there
There's nothing out there. It's in here
It's in fuckin' here
Where do you think you're going?
Deserters will be shot
What would your father say
if he saw you now?
He'd say naughty boy
'Naughty boy' pointing weapons at people
I'll put you over my knee and
I'll give you a damn good thrashing
That's what he'd say
Give me the gun Captain
Give me the gun
Remember your fuckin' manners
Don't forget your fuckin' manners
You are under arrest
Mcness!
I don't see him
Right, hold on
Got him
Bradford!
Jesus, Bradford
He's been hit
Where did the shot come from?
I'd better go and get him
No, I'll get him. You cover me
Alright
Remember, just keep on the move
Right, go!
Bradford?
Bradford!
Bradford
Come out!
Now!
Bradford!
Bradford are you down here?
McNess!
Doc!
Oh fuck
McNess!
I can't move I've been shot
Doc!
It's okay, mate
Help me, oh help me God
I'm coming, I'm coming
Doc!
Hello Charlie
Why did you shoot him?
He was trying to leave
We have to stay
I'm a mess, man. Doc!
I'm coming!
I'm coming I'm...
Oh, God
Look at me
Take out, take out your field dressing
Look at me!
Hold on, McNess!
Hold on, McNess! Hold on McNess!
Hold on, McNess! Hold on to me! McNess!
What's happened to you, Bradford?
It's inside me, Charley. I can feel it
It's moving around like worms in my gut,
I can't stop it
What?
What is it?
It's death!
And it's waiting for us
All this blame, this hatred...
Come on, Bradford.
Come back with me
It's in the earth, and the rats,
and the flies, and you and me
We're dead, Charley.
I know that now
I can't feel my heart beating anymore
I died here, and
I just didn't realise it
Come on. Come back with me
No. You have to stop me
I'm not a murderer
You will be
I was wrong, you see. God is dead
We're all alone
Bradford
Bradford! Where are we?
Tate, barricades won't work.
It didn't help the Germans
That thing out there took McNess
Right in front of my eyes,
sucked him into the fuckin' mud
So what are we gonna do.
Hide round some boxes?
Captain
Captain we need a hand here
Halt! Who's there?
It's me!
It's me
Shakespeare, where the hell have you been?
Come give us a hand, will ya?
Sarge
Bradford shot McNess
I saw him do it
He shot his own man
That's not gonna do us any good, Sergeant
Not against what's in here
I'm a soldier, son. I fight
what I can see. What's in front of me
But it's not in front of us.
Don't you understand that yet?
Look, you're not listening
You're meant to be in charge
Just listen to him
Oi! Hun! Hun!
You wanna kill me?
Well come on then
Come on, come on then!
I'm waiting
Where do you think you're going?
I can't let Quinn kill the prisoner
You mad?
Shakespeare, you don't fight
your own men to save the enemy
But he's not the enemy
Look we can't let this go on,
not in this place
Please...
Alright, I'll bring him back myself
Out my way, Doc
Sergeant Tate?
Sir
Muster the men, please
For inspection,
muster the company if you would
What about Quinn?
There's no company left, sir
Nothing to inspect
Just follow your orders
Oh, for God's sake, man...
Carry out my orders!
This is not the time
You are a weak man Sergeant Tate.
I've always thought that of you
And you are a streak of posh,
fucking piss sir
Captain, no!
You are relieved of your duties
Private First Class Shakespeare,
falling in for inspection, sir
Corporal Fairweather falling in
for inspection, sir
You are relieved of your duties
Very good
Doesn't do to let standards slip, Corporal
You have a responsibility
to these young men
Yes, sir
What is that godawful racket?
That's Private Quinn, sir
And why is he not here for inspection?
Sergeant!
Why is Private Quinn
not here for inspection?
Right. Well done men, you fall out
I'm going to go and
have a word with Private Quinn
Please, don't do that, sir
He'll kill you, sir
I'm an officer
Quinn!
What do you think you're doing?
Take that man down and get back
to the trench for inspection, now
And?
Take your hands off me
You know what I hate most
about this fuckin' war?
It's not the mud...
...or the cold...
...or the wet...
Sarge?
Or even the Hun...
What have I done?
It's the fucking officers
Sarge!
Make your peace
Quinn! No!
Quinn!
You ain't come to
arrest me again have ya?
I'm not gonna arrest you, Quinn.
I'm gonna fuckin' kill ya
Oh good, it's about time
you showed some fuckin' bollocks
Charley! Charley!
It's too late, you can't do anything
It wasn't the Hun killed McNess,
it was Bradford
That makes sense,
the Bible basher losing it out here
You don't see it, do ya?
This place is making us kill each other
There's nothing making me kill you
Quinn, Quinn, don't do it!
It's wrong, you can't do it
Quinn? Quinn!
Quinn! Don't do it, please!
It's a bit late for heroics ain't it?
Quinn, there's been enough killing
Not yet there hasn't
Quinn, I've got...
I've got children
No!
You murderer!
You're just a fuckin' animal!
Well go on. Go on
You haven't got the guts have you?
You're a coward
You left him to die before
Do you think nobody saw you run away?
We all did!
You should be shot!
You should curl up into a little ball...
...and shrivel up with shame
At least I'm not a murderer
That's all we do here.
This war is all murder
And do you know what?
I love it
You're a coward
Shoot!
Fuck it!
Charlie
(THANK YOU. OKAY)
(OKAY)
(WE HAVE TO GO IMMEDIATELY)
We are goin'
I'm not gonna leave them behind
(THEY'RE DEAD)
No. No, they're not
(PLEASE GIVE ME M Y GUN)
Take this. If I don't come back,
you get out of here
(PLEASE GIVE IT TO ME)
(THANK YOU)
(BE CAREFUL OVER THERE.
GOOD B YE M Y FRIEND)
Doc!
Doc, where are you?
Hello Chevasse
What's happening?
I'm gonna get you out of here
I've had terrible dreams. Terrible
Where's Doc?
I'm going to go and find him now
I'll be back very soon
You can move your legs again?
That's a good sign
I'm trying
I'll be back on my feet soon enough
Can I have a little water,
if you don't mind?
Of course
What's wrong? Charley?
Oh God
What's wrong?
No!
I'm gonna help you, Chevasse.
I'm gonna get you out of here, I promise
It's gonna be alright
It's gonna be alright, just calm down
Please just calm down. Please
No!
It's gonna be alright.
Please, please calm down
No, help me, Charley!
Help me! Help me Charley
Help me!
Help me
I'm sorry, Chevasse
What are you doing, Bradford?
Why are you doing this?
Is it because of me?
Because I don't believe?
I do believe, I swear to God
Liar!
Everyone loses it in this war
It's just what it does to you
But we're getting it back.
Bradford we'll get you back
We'll put you on leave.
We'll sort, well sort you out
Doc!
Think of your faith
What it means to you. Please
What about forgiveness,
or redemption, or mercy?
Be not overcome by evil
but overcome evil. With good...
Corinthians, chapter twelve
It's Romans twelve!
So your actually gonna kill us all.
Is that it?
Your just gonna blow us
all to hell and for what?
So what?
There is no victory, Bradford
Not here, not anymore
Please Bradford.
There's no victory
You don't win anything
Shakespeare's coming to save you
Do you think you deserve to be saved?
I think so
Oh, thank God.
Charley, where's Tate?
Don't
Doc, you're coming with me
Bradford, just...Look
you don't want to do this
I told you you'd have to kill me
Charley, but you didn't listen
I won't do it
Yes! You will
Shoot him!
Stop me, Charley.
I can't fight it anymore
Bradford please, whatever it is
inside you, please just fight it
I can't!
Charley, shoot him!
I won't
Yes, you will!
You have to!
No more killing
No, Bradford!
Well done, Charley.
Now get me out of these
Bradford
No!
No
Turn around Charlie
Where is this?
Shakespeare
Sargeant?
I'm not dead!
Allemand!
Friedriech!
Hey, Allemand?
What are you doing?
I saved you
I tried to help you
You did Charlie
Only you tried to save me
That is why you are free
What's out there?
Oh Jesus
Sarge! I've got something over here
Get your hands up. Now.
You German bastard